.TH FLICKRDF 1 "21 December 2007"
.SH NAME
flickrdf \- call Flickr API
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B flickrdf
[\fB\-d \fIDELAY\fP\fR] [\fB\-a \fIFROB\fP\fR] [\fB\-h\fR] [\fB\-v\fR]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBflickrdf\fP is a utility that uses the \fIphotos.getInfo\fP API to
interpret the description fields and the tags for a photo URI into RDF
triples. If raptor is present, it will be used to provide proper
serializing to RDF rather than the built in and hacky ntriples/turtle
output.
.PP
Machine tags when they are found are scanned for \fIxmlns:prefix=uri\fP and
then all other machine tags with that prefix turn into
triples. Several prefixes are also pre-defined by the library to
automatically get turned into triples without an xmlns, such as \fIblue:\fP,
\fIcell:\fP, \fIfilter:\fP and \fIgeo:\fP. Non-machine tags are not yet interpreted.

.SH OPTIONS
These programs follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options and exit.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
Display the version of the program and exit.
.TP
.B \-d \fIDELAY\fP, \-\-delay \fIDELAY\fP
Set delay between requests to \fIDELAY\fP milliseconds.
.TP
.B \-D, \-\-debug
Print lots of debugging output.
.TP
.B \-o, \-\-output \fIFORMAT\fP
Set output format to \fIFORMAT\fP. \fIFORMAT\fP is one of:
      \fIntriples\fP        N-Triples (default)
      \fIturtle\fP          Turtle
      \fIrdfxml\fP-xmp      RDF/XML (XMP Profile)
      \fIrdfxml\fP-abbrev   RDF/XML (Abbreviated)
      \fIrdfxml\fP          RDF/XML
      \fIrss-1.0\fP         RSS 1.0
      \fIdot\fP             GraphViz DOT format
The exact list depends on the version of Raptor that flickcurl is linked
against.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR /usr/share/doc/flickrdf/README.gz,
.BR flickcurl (1), libraptor(3).
.br
.SH AUTHOR
flickrdf was written by David Beckett.
.PP
This manual page was written by Kumar Appaiah <akumar@ee.iitm.ac.in>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
